Polished getting started for on-chain code (#967)
casper-network/docs: source/docs/casper/developers/writing-onchain-code/getting-started.md

import useBaseUrl from '@docusaurus/useBaseUrl';

# Getting Started with Rust

This guide covers the basic tools you will need to set up your first Casper smart contract. You will also be able to build a sample smart contract and run a few basic tests on it on your local machine.

> Casper's blockchain is built upon the Rust programming language and compiles down to WebAssembly. This guide will walk you through the steps to set up your development environment and build your first contract.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Casper's blockchain is built upon the Rust programming language and compiles down to WebAssembly. This guide will walk you through the steps to set up your development environment and write your first contract.
```

rustup --version
```

You will need the latest nightly toolchain to develop smart contracts in Rust. Please refer to the [Rust Documentation on Channels](https://rust-lang.github.io/rustup/concepts/channels.html) and the [Rust Documentation on Toolchains](https://rust-lang.github.io/rustup/concepts/toolchains.html) for further information.

> We recommend setting up the rust-toolchain in the top level directory of your project.

Reviewer 2: Why was this content removed?

Reviewer 3: It was previously removed because during automatic creation using the cargo the nightly is referenced and everything works correctly. This section might be confusing for new people. I would suggest that instead of linking the toolchains etc. just include installing the nightly "rustup toolchain install nightly" because this is what's needed. This step has to be also only made for manual project structure.

Reviewer 2: Ok. Please add what you are proposing as part of this PR, so it is easier to see the final page as you propose it. Then we can resolve this comment.

Reviewer: We should bring this back in, because using `cargo casper` inserts the toolchain into the project structure.

We should at least refer to it, as it's included. Otherwise, people using cargo casper will see it and be confused by it's inclusion.

### Installing the Casper Crates {#installing-the-casper-crates}

> The best and fastest way to set up a Casper Rust Smart Contract project is to use `cargo-casper`. When you use this, it will set the project up with a simple contract, a runtime environment and a testing framework with a simple test. _Cargo_ is a build system and package manager for Rust (much like _pip_ if you are familiar with Python, or npm/yarn for those coming from Javascript). It is possible to use this configuration in your CI/CD pipeline as well.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The best and fastest way to set up a Casper Rust project is to use `cargo casper`. Using this will create a simple contract, a runtime environment, and a testing framework with a simple test. _Cargo_ is a build system and package manager for Rust (much like _pip_ if you are familiar with Python, or _npm_ and _yarn_ for those familiar with Javascript). It is also possible to use this configuration in your CI/CD pipeline.
```

### Installing the Casper Client

> We also provide a [Casper command-line client](../prerequisites.md#the-casper-command-line-client), a Rust CLI tool that can help you transmit deploys and install code on-chain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We also provide a [Casper command-line client](../prerequisites.md#the-casper-command-line-client), a Rust CLI tool that can help you send deploys and install code on-chain.
```

### Setting up an IDE

There are many IDEs available for Rust development. The most popular IDEs for Rust are the following:

- Visual Studio Code
- CLion
- IntelliJ Idea

> - Vim

Reviewer 2: Perhaps adding links would be useful.

> You can use whatever IDE you feel the most comfortable using. In all the exercises and tutorials, we will be using Visual Studio Code as it is the most popular one and has a lot of additional extensions, which might prove useful during the development process.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can use any IDE you wish. This documentation and examples use [Visual Studio Code (VSC)](https://code.visualstudio.com), a popular IDE with many extensions that might be helpful during development.
```

> The easiest way of installing the VSC is to get it from the [official site](https://code.visualstudio.com):

Reviewer 2: Include the link above for conciseness. 
```suggestion

```

> <p align="center"><img src={useBaseUrl("/image/introduction/download-vscode.png")} alt="download-vscode" width="400"/></p>

Reviewer 2: The link already included should be enough. I don't think we need this image, it doesn't add a lot of information. 
```suggestion

```

We advise installing the following extensions to support the development process:

> - Better TOML – support for formatting the TOML files
> - CodeLLDB – the Debug Extension – without it, it is impossible to debug the RUST Code from the IDE
> - crates – will help managing the crates
> - Error Lens – enhances the experience during programming and highlights the syntax errors to be more prominent and easily identifiable
> - rust-analyzer – official supported Rust Language extension
> 
> During the exercises and tutorials, ways to leverage the extensions will be briefly described.

Reviewer 2: I've simplified the list and applied the formatting we use elsewhere.
Let's not promise this: "During the exercises and tutorials, ways to leverage the extensions will be briefly described." Instead, let's add it wherever possible and remove it from here.
Is it possible to add links to the extensions?
```suggestion
- `CodeLLDB` – An important extension for debugging Rust code
- `rust-analyzer` – The official Rust language extension
- `Better TOML` – Support for formatting TOML files
- `crates` – An extension to help manage crates
- `Error Lens` – Enhances the programming experience by highlighting syntax errors
```

Reviewer: Developers can make their own choices when it comes to plugins and tools - this is a Rust question more than a Casper question.

We should focus on the Casper-centric aspects of Rust and this list is ultimately unnecessary and a matter of taste.
